Update EKS documentation with additional requirements for v1.23+ (#215)
epinio/docs: docs/howtos/install_epinio_on_eks.md

* AWS EKS - Kubernetes v1.22, v1.23***** or v1.24*****
* [Ingress Nginx - v1.6.4](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/)
* [Cert Manager - v1.11.0](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager)

:::caution *) Additional requirements for EKS v1.23 and v1.24

* From EKS v1.23 there is a need to configure and install an out-of-tree AWS EBS CSI driver as a addon into your EKS cluster. Please refer to this [EKS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html) for more details.
* Since EKS v1.24, when the `dockershim` CRI support has been dropped and replaced by `containerd` (supports only trusted HTTPS registries by default), there is a need to allow pulling epinio's app container images from Internal Epinio HTTP Registry. The following configuration must be done on all EKS nodes prior deploying an Epinio app:

    ```shell
    mkdir -p /etc/containerd/certs.d/127.0.0.1:30500
    cat > /etc/containerd/certs.d/127.0.0.1:30500/hosts.toml <<EOF
    server = "http://127.0.0.1:30500"

    [host."http://127.0.0.1:30500"]
      capabilities = ["pull"]
    EOF
    ```

>     Eventually you may modify the node count and apply [this manifest](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/epinio/epinio/main/scripts/eks-cri-allow-http-registries.yaml) which will do the nodes configuration for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Instead of doing this manually it should be easier to simply apply [this manifest](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/epinio/epinio/main/scripts/eks-cri-allow-http-registries.yaml) which will do the nodes configuration for you, after editing it to use the correct node count.
```

:::

## Prerequisites

* [kubectl - v1.22](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
* [helm - v3.11.0](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_get/)
* [aws cli - v2.9.14](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
* [eksctl - v0.115.0](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html)

## Create EKS Kubernetes Cluster

> *Ensure that you ran **[aws configure](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html)** before you proceed with the steps bellow.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Ensure that you ran **[aws configure](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html)** before you proceed with the steps below.*
```
